---
layout: post
title: WORK WORK and WORK
date:   2021-03-21
categories:
tags: Experience, Work, Research 
author: Aarti
description: Some interesting things that I realised
---

<!--more-->

I have overall seen that I like to spend a lot of time working. 
The reason is that my work is arranged in a way that I enjoy every 
bit of it. 
This one statement has a lot of depth and meaning embedded inside it. 

I think PhD has everything in it that I have learned to enjoy doing. 

The interesting bit here is that because of that very reason I literally
cannot stop working at times. 
However, I now realise that this is not how it should be. 
This is when I realised that I don't need to compartmentalize Research
but instead I need to learn to be ok with taking things slow. 

This is much easier than done for me since I have this inherent need to 
understand things and unless I don't completely understand them I 
can't stop. 
Therefore, I have realised that I now need to proceed in every task in 
a way such that it feels like I am learning something. 
This is pretty cool. 

So now that I have to do a lot of packing and cleaning since I am moving to 
India, perhaps some questions that I need to ask myself are:
1. What are the things that need to be packed?
To be fair it seems to me that this is a very funny question because
well the ideal answer is everything especially since one is moving out of the apartment. 
2. Which things do I want to discard?
3. How many bags should I pack for home?
4. Should I consider keeping some stuff at a friends place?

And well so on. 

The thing is this is a very new experience for me, moving out of a country
where I stayed for 3 years which is not home. 
But I think once I understand how to work these things out the stuff I will 
learn from these set of tasks would be:
1. Things that one should buy so that next time when moving a house, it is 
relatively easier. 
2. Systematically packing things to see where everything is being places and kept. 




















